[static]
[staff] Where do you think
you are right now, as a team?
You mean in my life or SEVENTEEN's?
[♪ intense music playing]
[ticking]
Hmm...
[thunderclap]
♪ It's okay... ♪
[crowd cheering loudly]
I got this.
How honest should I be?
How far can we go with this?
How long can we keep doing this?
[rapid ticking]
I'm not sure.
[♪ music climaxes, stops]
[SEUNGKWAN] How the 13 of them
managed to stay together for 10 years
and how they've built their teamwork
through all the struggles.
I think it's important to capture
those things naturally.
That's why I thought we should show
the album-making process,
including the moments we disagree
and our opinions clash.
[staff] Yes.
Among us,
that sort of thing happens a lot.
So I really hoped
those moments would be shown as well.
[S.COUPS] The story of how we made it
through these 10 years is unnecessary.
-[WOOZI] It's already been told.
-[S.COUPS] Yes.
What matters now
is where we are after 10 years
and how we'll move forward from here.
The past should just be sugarcoated.
Like, no need to dramatize
how tough it was to get here
or dig up old stories again.
That would make it feel like
content just for our fans.
[SEUNGKWAN] We don't mind
showing us changing outfits.
We're fine with that.
[SEUNGKWAN] As long as
it's not bathroom stuff.
-[DK] Bathroom stuff?
-[S.COUPS] What are we, dogs?
We're heading into a new chapter now.
Honestly, this is a really
important time for us.
It's the beginning
of the military service era for us.
We're figuring out how to prepare for it.
Some are also
working on personal projects.
Regardless of the album-making,
some of us
will be focusing on our own growth.
It'd be nice
if this content could reflect that.
While highlighting each member's charm,
it should show
how dedicated we are as a group.
That kind of...
That's just the kind of team we are.
SEPTEMBER 2024, IT'S ALMOST
SEVENTEEN'S 10TH ANNIVERSARY
STARTING WITH JEONGHAN'S MILITARY SERVICE
THE MEMBERS STAND AT THEIR CROSSROADS
AND FOR THE FIRST TIME IN 10 YEARS
SEVENTEEN FACES TIME APART
[♪ SEVENTEEN "CLAP" playing]
[SEUNGKWAN] It's our 10th anniversary,
but not as a full group.
How should we present ourselves?
[DINO] We're still a team
that's doing really well.
It's the start of a new era for SEVENTEEN.
[HOSHI] This might be our last album
before our reunion.
But this doesn't mean it's the end for us.
We wanted it to say,
"We're taking a new step."
[WOOZI] Even after 10 years,
we want to show you that we're a team
that excites you for what's next.
That's the most important thing.
[crowd cheering]
[MINGYU] Some of us have wondered,
"Can we keep going?"
We probably had doubts.
These 10 years weren't easy either.
[indistinct chatter]
We made it through,
but nothing about it was easy.
[staff] Everyone says hello
and DK says his line,
"Are you ready?" and then enjoy the stage.
[WONWOO] Everything we've done
these past 10 years
feels like it was all just preparation.
Now we've got to run even harder.
[explosion]
[♪ music continues]
[fans screaming, cheering]
[crackling]
[JOSHUA] We've made
some extraordinary accomplishments.
I still can't believe it.
Even after all this time,
it still hasn't sunk in.
[SEUNGKWAN] We always
wanted to do even better.
We kept thinking,
"We want to reach higher."
And now that we're here...
people finally know who we are.
[♪ music stops]
-[indistinct chatter]
-[band performing in distance]
[crowd cheering]
-[DINO] One, two, three.
-[all] Let's go!
[screams]
[in Spanish] Hola! Tecate Pa'l Norte!
[in English] Are you ready?
[in Korean] I love the superstar life.
[laughs]
[♪ SEVENTEEN "1 TO 13" playing]
[reporter 1 in English] SEVENTEEN is back.
The K-Pop powerhouse has returned
with their "RIGHT HERE" WORLD TOUR.
[WOOZI in Korean] I always feel like
we're somewhere beyond imagination.
It's truly unbelievable
where we've ended up.
I keep wondering,
how far can SEVENTEEN go?
That's why I can't stop.
[reporter 2 in English]
SEVENTEEN has entered the Billboard 200
with their fifth studio album
"HAPPY BURSTDAY,"
marking another milestone
in their global success.
[crowd cheering]
[in Korean] We ended up doing concerts.
But I didn't expect
to go abroad this much.
It really is kind of amazing.
[members] ♪ Kung chi pak chi
Kung kung chi pak chi, yeah! ♪
[fans singing] ♪ Kung chi pak chi... ♪
[HOSHI in English] Make some noise!
[crowd screaming]
[♪ exhilarating music plays, fades]
[♪ SEVENTEEN "1 TO 13" playing]
[in Korean] I want to do more.
I want to do better.
Because I'm still hungry.
[MINGYU] We've come so far,
and I'm grateful for that.
But I think we can go even further.
These might be
the most beautiful moments of my life.
[♪ music fades]
I don't want it to end.
I just want to keep climbing higher.
[crowd cheering]
[WOOZI] Sometimes
when I look at this scene,
part of me thinks
this could all vanish overnight.
I always carry this fear
that it could all disappear.
It could all really disappear
like a dream.
[♪ JxW "Leftover" playing]
[S.COUPS] It's like I'm standing still
but riding an elevator.
It's not that I'm trying to go up.
It just goes up and down on its own.
[JUN] In some ways, this very moment
could be my 100%.
But it could drop back to 0%.
[chokes back tears]
[WOOZI] I hope our 10 years
aren't remembered in vain.
To our fans, everyone, and us,
I want it to be
a truly unforgettable 10 years.
[♪ music fades]
[staff] How would you define this moment?
Wandering.
-[♪ SEVENTEEN "Gemini" playing]
-[♪ vocalizing]
[DINO] I'm searching for something.
It feels like I'm a little lost.
[recording plays in English]
♪ Somebody stop my trigger, trigger... ♪
Sometimes when it gets extremely hectic,
I think, "What am I doing?"
Like...
"What am I even up to right now?"
I can't even recall the day before.
[♪ "Gemini" continues]
[S.COUPS] I have panic disorder.
It's okay if this goes out.
It can hit me out of nowhere.
The first time I had a panic attack
was onstage.
And that worries me.
Was "Shining Star" okay?
Can I hear it once?
Oh, okay.
Just being remembered...
That alone would be such an honor.
[recording playing]
♪ We will shine forever... ♪
[HOSHI] To be honest,
I want a break.
I want to stop for a moment
and remind myself, "I used to love this."
I want to feel that again.
[JOSHUA] There comes a time
when you just don't want to do anything.
"Is this really what I'm meant
to look like right now?"
"Is this just not right for me?"
[MINGYU] A sense of relief,
and a sense of freedom,
mixed with emptiness...
These emotions swell up inside.
I don't even know why I feel this way.
But out of nowhere, I feel so empty.
[BUMZU over speaker]
Because your voice is gone,
the details are a bit off.
[director] Why are you
so unsure of yourself?
I don't know.
Maybe because it's my first time.
It feels awkward, and I feel uncertain.
[THE 8] There were times in the past
when I saw myself as worthless.
I hated myself
and kept thinking, "You're not enough."
I want to get it right in one go,
but I can't.
[laughing] I've been trying for 10 years,
but I just can't get it right.
[DK] I felt like I hit a wall.
I've struggled with those thoughts a lot.
"Should I even keep singing?"
"Can I really become a good singer?"
[recording playing] ♪ I only watch you
from within my memories ♪
[SEUNGKWAN] I'm exhausted,
especially when it comes to that.
I want to take a break
from anything that is stimulating.
Only then can I breathe.
♪ To see you again ♪
I live by going with the flow
while giving it my all.
That's the motto I try to live by.
♪ Because this is destiny ♪
[directors exclaim]
The pitch was off.
-[BUMZU] This was really...
-[WOOZI] Just the emotion.
Wow.
I'm tingling.
My whole body's tingling. Wow.
[WOOZI] I feel so grateful for this life.
I just want to keep going steadily,
giving it my all.
[♪ SEVENTEEN "Cheers to youth" playing]
[MINGYU rapping]
-[MINGYU chuckles]
-[BUMZU laughs] ♪ One or two ♪
Ah!
[BUMZU] We can use it with a little tweak.
Okay.
Before, when people asked me,
I'd say, "I think I'm about this far
along in my journey."
That's what I used to say.
But now,
I don't think about it anymore.
I just want to focus on the present.
Wait, is this recording?
It is.
I just recorded
20 minutes of doing nothing.
I can see myself. Okay.
[chortles]
It's just...
I just need to do well.
♪ My... ♪
I feel like I do need
to use a bit of power.
I can't hit the note relaxed.
It might be better to try it this way.
Yeah, that makes sense.
There's so many reasons,
but what I love the most is that
even when I'm tired or worn out,
the moment music plays,
I find myself dancing and singing.
Because I love it.
I don't know. Let's just try it.
[♪ HxW "96ers" playing over speakers]
IN OCTOBER 2024, SEVENTEEN FACED
THEIR BIGGEST CHALLENGE YET,
THE "RIGHT HERE" WORLD TOUR
OF 30 SHOWS ACROSS 14 CITIES
1 MILLION FANS FILLED STADIUMS
IT MARKED A MILESTONE IN THEIR GLOBAL RISE
[drum beating]
I don't think we recorded
the replacement for that.
Huh? I did record that part.
-The recording data.
-[SEUNGKWAN] They swapped it.
I don't think
the new one's been installed yet.
If Shua's going to do it,
then pair him with JUN.
If it's JOSHUA,
SEUNGKWAN and DK would work.
[SEUNGKWAN]
WONWOO was preparing for enlistment.
JEONGHAN had already enlisted.
We were down to only 11 members.
There were some worries
among the members.
[drum beating]
[indistinct chatter]
[JOSHUA] Why didn't we pose?
[♪ MINGYU vocalizing]
[HYELIM over speaker]
Want to go with 2.2? Just slightly.
[MINGYU] Verse 1 and verse 2
are different.
-For verse 2, maybe 0.8 or 1.2?
-[HYELIM] Okay, this is good.
The three of us know,
but I didn't do it with you.
No, you were supposed to move
this way, but you didn't.
[MINGYU] You did it the original way?
No, I was going to move here.
But you hesitated, so I did too.
You were late. We can sync it up.
-I wasn't late.
-Okay.
-[MINGYU] Let's try.
-We'll get it right.
Just us four?
-It's actually for three.
-[staff over microphone] S.COUPS.
Filling in for the absent members,
I mean, it's expected,
but it's still tough.
We know it brings down
the mood during practice.
We try to keep it positive,
but it's not always easy.
Where do you go after that?
I go this way.
-I stay in my spot, though.
-[HYELIM] How did you bump...
-I don't think that's it.
-It is.
Then we'll be able to avoid
bumping into each other.
-I'll just keep it in mind.
-I was...
I never bumped into you before.
What's our formation for the final chorus?
You run out first.
But do I run out while doing that part?
[in English]
♪ Water, water, water, water ♪
♪ Ice cream ♪
[VERNON] No, that's not the one.
-Then what?
-[MINGYU] Wait.
-Do we run at that timing?
-No, look.
♪ Yet I still feel thirsty ♪
-[S.COUPS] After that.
-Got it.
[S.COUPS] Then, you and I switch spots.
Learning, memorizing,
and creating formations is fine.
But rearranging formations for 13 members,
that's a serious headache.
♪ Baby, baby, yeah
When we are loving, I don't need ♪
Where do we begin...
[members] ♪ Love is... ♪
-If we don't move forward...
-Forward.
-This is fine.
-From here...
Do we move back again?
If we do it like that,
I'll run into WONWOO.
[MINGYU] Isn't that because
you didn't move far enough?
What?
No. This is the furthest I can go.
[♪ HYELIM and JOSHUA humming]
-[♪ HYELIM continues humming]
-[JOSHUA] ♪ I don't need something ♪
[indistinct chatter]
[HOSHI] Every time
we change the formation,
we basically have to relearn
the whole thing.
That causes a lot of stress.
Honestly, that was the toughest part.
But that too is part of our destiny.
To create a performance
that's truly SEVENTEEN,
we need to practice like SEVENTEEN.
It's our fate, our task,
to move forward as a team of 13.
I think I'm finally
starting to accept that.
[staff] Then we'll do
"Adore U" and "Campfire."
Then the talk segment, "Our Dawn Is Hotter
Than Day" and "VERY NICE."
-Sounds good.
-[staff] Okay.
[members] Okay.
Preparing a new show every year
is really tough.
Before we head to the States,
we wanted to discuss something.
Can we add a few more songs
to the encore, not just "VERY NICE?"
I mean, "VERY NICE" is the most fun,
but like after we do it once,
we sing other songs too.
It'd be great to have more variations.
Doing only "VERY NICE" is a bit tiring.
We're not cutting out "VERY NICE."
-"VERY NICE" and...
-And...
-We'll still do it.
-Depending on the mood.
For all the upcoming shows?
-Yeah.
-Okay.
-From now on.
-[JOSHUA] Good.
Performing without two members
is already a big challenge for us.
But it also pushes us
to think about how to make it better.
[crowd cheering]
[HOSHI] When I stand on a stage this huge,
I just think, "Wow, what a view."
Because there's just so many people there.
I wonder,
"Can I fill this space with my energy?"
"I'll try my best."
On really big stages,
sometimes it's overwhelming.
"If I were alone,
I could never handle this."
As soon as I step onstage,
I think, "Let's satisfy them."
[♪ SEVENTEEN "24H" playing]
We've tried many styles
over the past 10 years.
But still pushing for something new
and challenging ourselves
feels more like us.
[♪ singing "March"]
[♪ singing "Monster"]
[crowd screaming]
-[♪ music stops]
-We won't know unless we try.
[♪ "24H" continues]
[crowd cheering]
Bam, bam. Three, four. Bam.
[♪ members vocalizing]
-Number one.
-Number one. Three, four.
-Number two. Number three.
I think this is when
we need the most courage.
We need it to keep moving forward.
We need to make it fun.
Is it time to go?
Let's bring the energy up.
[HOSHI] Let's go have fun!
[DINO] How do we keep this teamwork going?
With all 13 of us?
It's getting harder.
Honestly, I'm really scared.
[fans shouting, cheering]
[S.COUPS] Ugh, I'm exhausted.
-Good luck.
-You got this.
Like a bird taking flight again,
let's just focus on flying in this moment.
SEVENTEEN'S "RIGHT HERE"
WORLD TOUR KICKS OFF
AFTER YEARS OF PASSION AND CHALLENGE
Let's go.
One, two, three.
[♪ sentimental song playing]
[S.COUPS] I always hope
our relationships last a long time.
He takes the lead and steps up
when something happens.
He stands for us and speaks the truth.
"This needs to change."
He's a bold and assertive leader.
Even this fan meetup was arranged
without telling us the location.
Every time, I wish
you'd tell us the location first.
I sometimes envy S.COUPS.
I wish I could speak up like that,
but it's not easy for me.
When I think about S.COUPS,
I think, "He's amazing."
It's hard enough being in a team.
Imagine the pressure he must feel
as the leader.
-We should pay closer attention.
-[SEUNGKWAN] I'm sorry.
It looked like we were just phoning it in.
I've been a bit forceful at times.
That's my job.
If everyone is soft,
there's no way a 13-member boy group
like this could function.
But he also has a soft side.
He feels like a close friend.
S.COUPS has this cheerful energy.
I was just telling HYELIM earlier that
when we were abroad for tours,
I used to hate going out
to go sightseeing or to hang out.
But MINGYU changed all of that.
He'd drag me out and make me have fun.
[MINGYU] Did you miss MINGYU a lot today?
I did.
[MINGYU] You sound serious.
-Yeah, I really missed him.
-Oh, you.
You can film this. Can you hold this?
-[MINGYU] I got it.
-Okay.
For me, touring used to feel
overwhelming and exhausting.
Not because I didn't want to see the fans
but because of all the extra time
and energy it took.
But the person who made
even those moments feel joyful
was MINGYU.
[MINGYU] I'll drink to that.
That's why I've been
enjoying the tour life
-so much this year.
-[MINGYU sighs contentedly]
It's been seriously fun.
All thanks to you.
-Yeah.
-I had fun too.
So when we started touring again,
I didn't feel pressured.
I just thought of it as having fun
with the members again.
-Yeah, watching you like that...
-[DK] Yeah.
It was nice to see that.
-Yeah.
-Seeing you do that.
[DK] Seeing how you weren't backing out...
-I was like, "Let's go."
-How nice.
[DK] Our team was more at ease too.
I learned so much on this tour.
I was happy. Truly happy.
Out of the 10 years,
this tour made me the happiest.
We were each other's number one.
Each other's top priority, yeah.
I think we were able to make it this far
because we cared for each other.
I think this is the first time I'm saying
"thank you" to him like this.
He was really young back then too.
But S.COUPS held us together.
He led all 13 of us.
-This is the first time I'm saying this.
-[fans] Aw!
-Stop.
-[HOSHI] I'm really thankful.
-I wanted to say that.
-[JOSHUA laughing] Man.
-Stop talking.
-[HOSHI laughing]
I teared up a bit, honestly.
When HOSHI said that.
It meant so much to hear
those words from HOSHI.
And honestly, I didn't think, um...
he'd think much of it.
Just...
HOSHI has always had the mindset
that working hard is a given.
So hearing him say that
really surprised me.
It felt like
he acknowledged all my efforts.
It meant so much.
-[fans] Aw!
-I love you. I've never said that before.
[MINGYU] I think that was what
S.COUPS wanted to hear the most.
[WOOZI] If he had been a leader
who dragged us around by force,
we would've fallen apart.
[♪ sentimental song playing]
Rock, paper, scissors.
-[exclaims]
-[laughter]
[WOOZI] He's like a close friend.
He brings everyone together.
He feels like a big brother
full of warmth.
[S.COUPS] I'm grateful for you.
I don't think I ever told you that.
All right.
[WOOZI] It turned out for the best.
That's one of his greatest strengths.
You got this. [laughs]
[S.COUPS] I think of them
as lifelong buddies.
Even when we're old and gray,
it'll feel like we're just hanging out.
TO MY FUTURE SELF IN 10 YEARS
Are all 13 of us
still doing okay? [chuckles]
Sink or swim, let's stick together as 13.
That's all I want.
[DK] Something hilarious happened today.
Right before "Oh My!"
a bunch of the members
were sitting on the steps backstage.
As I get up to climb up...
-[laughter]
-I'm serious.
Five or six of them
were just sitting there...
like this.
-Come on, guys! Hang in there!
-[laughter]
Seriously.
-It was funny.
-Hilarious.
[DINO] When we're on tour, we actually
talk a lot more than you'd think.
Since we all stay on the same floor,
we hang out, catch up,
talk about everything.
When we're overseas,
we all stay in the same hotel,
so we naturally end up having more talks.
[WOOZI] We see each other all the time.
It feels dull sometimes.
But I think even those "dull"
relationships are precious.
Lately, I feel like
we've gotten even closer.
Closer than before.
Back then, we were just so busy.
We didn't have any breathing room.
Everyone was a little on edge.
Everyone was.
But now, with a bit more room to breathe,
we've grown closer.
We barely fight.
-[HYELIM] Wen Jjun?
-[HOSHI] Wen Jjun.
[all] Wen Jjun.
-[HOSHI] Wen Junhui!
-I'm...
I'm not up yet.
[HYELIM] You're not?
-[laughter]
-[MINGYU AND HOSHI] You're up right now.
[HYELIM] How cute. [laughs]
[laughing] Just pretend you're asleep.
But you're totally awake.
-He's our official comedian.
-[HOSHI] You miss us?
Wen Junhui!
What's with that awkward laugh,
Wen Junhui?
[JUN laughs weakly]
[laughter]
[HOSHI] How's the filming going?
[HYELIM] Hang in there.
-[S.COUPS.] Good job, everyone!
-[MINGYU] Bye.
Sadly, I wasn't able to join this tour.
I've been filming for a drama.
But the shoot will wrap up soon,
and I'll be back on stage with them
to meet you all again.
[♪ serene music playing]
It's been a while.
We last saw him shooting Going SEVENTEEN.
-It feels like yesterday. [laughs]
-[MINGYU] You got tan.
His face got tanned.
-I got a lot of sun.
-Your arms too.
[JUN] I had been absent
for about three weeks to a month.
Even if we don't see each other
for a while,
it never feels awkward.
Real friends don't ever get awkward.
Yeah, seriously.
[JUN laughs]
[staff] JUN looks awkward.
I think he is feeling pressured.
It's because the camera's rolling.
Should we stop filming? [laughs]
-[WONWOO] Wen Junhui.
-Wait, we're all '96 liners.
[staff 1] All the '96 liners are here.
We are!
We're the '96 liners.
[staff 2] Take a picture.
-Two, two, three.
-[camera clicks]
♪ Everything is easy
That's why I'm always busy ♪
♪ Lamb skewers into your mouth ♪
Wow, lamb skewers. From JUN himself.
[JUN] In a way,
the members really feel like family now.
We're that close.
Before this comeback,
we all gathered in the practice room
and had a lot of conversations.
I'm truly grateful.
The members filled in my space
while I was gone.
S.COUPS told me,
"We did our best to make up
for your absence this time."
"So when it happens again,
it'll be your turn."
Hearing that actually eased
the pressure I was feeling.
Of course, I still feel sorry.
I mean, how could I not?
But it also made me
want to try even harder.
I want to visit there.
[JUN] I feel really blessed.
[laughing]
Because not only am I doing
the kind of performances I love.
I'm also surrounded by members
chasing after the same dream.
I don't think I should say
I'm tired. [chuckles]
Rather than feeling tired,
I'd say I get motivated thanks to them,
and they help me to keep going.
[indistinct chatter]
[MINGYU] This is like ox bone soup...
-Just the meat.
-[WOOZI] Steamed pork?
[WONWOO] Is this braised ribs?
[members exclaiming]
[members in English]
♪ Happy birthday to you... ♪
[THE 8 in Korean]
My gratitude just keeps growing
to the people around me,
our members, and our fans.
After the show, we grab a meal together.
We go out if we have time
and maybe even have a drink or two.
-[staff] Cheers.
-Oh.
[all exclaim]
This head is the key.
[♪ SEVENTEEN "Snap Shoot" playing]
[WONWOO] That place looks nice.
As long as WONWOO likes it.
Imagine grabbing a slice of pizza
and a beer there.
[WONWOO] But I'm full though.
-Me too.
-[WONWOO chuckling] Yeah? Okay.
-But imagine the vibes.
-[WONWOO] Okay.
That vibe.
-[WONWOO] Based on feelings?
-Yes.
New York pizza is a must.
[WONWOO] Let's go based on feelings.
[both in English] Let's go.
[S.COUPS in Korean] Honestly,
no relationship is perfect.
It can't be perfect.
We're human too.
We fight.
We swear at each other.
Then we cool off and grow closer.
[MINGYU] Pepperoni.
[camera clicks]
[DINO in Korean]
Whether we're eating or just talking,
we tell each other, "Good work."
We try to offer a listening ear too.
Who else would we talk about all this?
We only have each other.
[VERNON] I think of us as family.
Just like you're born into a family.
You don't get to choose.
And that's kind of how
we came together too.
The agency just cast us,
and that became us.
In that sense,
we really do feel like family.
We've spent so many years together.
-[members cheering]
-[staff 1] Bottoms up!
[MINGYU] ♪ Youth is right now ♪
[MINGYU and staff 2]
♪ Youth is right now ♪
[all cheering]
-[staff 1] Hey, that's impressive.
-Totally.
Youth is now.
-[MINGYU] Woo!
-[laughter]
-Youth is now.
-Youth...
-[staff 2] Is now!
[all cheering]
[WONWOO] Lately, I feel excited
whenever I see our team schedule.
Because we have fun working together.
We recharge during our breaks
and use that energy when we meet again.
I think that really helps.
Guys, everyone has
their own circumstances.
-[S.COUPS] True.
-But to the people who came to see us,
-shouldn't we be at our best?
-[crowd cheering]
-[HOSHI] That's right.
-Let's go.
-[JOSHUA] Okay!
-One, two, three.
[all] Let's go!
[members] ♪ Kung chi pak chi
Kung kung chi pak chi, yeah! ♪
♪ Kung chi pak chi
♪ If there is a God of Music ♪
[DINO] I think we're the first big group
to last this long
without losing a single member.
So from this point on,
there's no reference for us.
[members in English]
♪ Let's go, let's go, let's go! ♪
[THE 8 in Korean] When a team
reaches 10 years,
it's natural for personal dreams to grow.
You start to want different things.
But our members,
they've tried so hard to stay together.
Everyone's trying so hard
to keep the team going strong.
♪ Kung chi pak chi
Kung kung chi pak chi... ♪
[HOSHI in English] One more time,
one more time, one more time!
[members in Korean] ♪ Kung chi pak chi
Kung kung chi pak chi, yeah! ♪
[in English] Okay, Texas!
-Everybody jump!
-[crowd cheering]
[members in Korean] ♪ Kung chi pak chi
Kung kung chi pak chi, yeah! ♪
[JUN] With teammates, friends, and family
all chasing the same dream together...
It makes me proud
and pushes me to work even harder.
[♪ song ends]
[DK] Yee-haw!
[crowd cheering]
[WOOZI] Our future goals
might sound far-fetched,
but honestly, I just want to stay together
as long as possible.
That's all.
Just like this. Just the way we are now.
I hope we can stay like this
for a long, long time.
JUST BEFORE THE SHOW IN LA
SOUND CHECK WAS CANCELED
DUE TO AN UNEXPECTED ISSUE AT THE VENUE
[staff] We talked it through again.
No sound check after 12 o'clock.
That's the final decision.
We'll have to see how it goes.
We'll do it, but as things stand now...
[staff] You guys are just worried
that you may not satisfy your fans.
Yeah.
It's about the quality.
They'll still have fun.
[staff] Probably both.
Because in the end, we can't guarantee
the same level of quality.
Some fans might still love it,
and some might not.
[SEUNGKWAN] But if it feels like
we just patched it over...
-Then what's the point?
-[WONWOO] Exactly.
When people genuinely appreciate
all my hard work
and love me even more
than I ever imagined,
it makes me want to do better.
But sometimes it hits me.
"Why am I like this right now?"
When these thoughts come...
[SEUNGKWAN] But every time that happens,
I think it's thanks to the members,
and the fans, that I held on.
The reason I can keep doing what I do
is thanks to them.
[JOSHUA] Seeing them lean on us
is what keeps me going.
[in English] Hi. Thank you so much.
[crowd cheering]
Not bad, not bad.
[fans screaming]
[fans] SEVENTEEN! SEVENTEEN! SEVENTEEN!
[JOSHUA] Hollywood and Koreatown
all take part in SEVENTEEN THE CITY LA.
Join us and our fans, CARATs,
in fully enjoying
the special last stop of our US tour.
It's an absolute honor
and an experience
I will personally never forget.
[clears throat] Ah, ah, ah.
[trilling]
[in Korean] We went to LA City Hall
to receive a recognition reward.
Wow. They came here to see this?
I'm so grateful.
Wow.
[laughing nervously]
Whew. I better do well.
What do I do?
Lately, I've been feeling even more
of this deep sense of gratitude.
For all the love
we're receiving right now,
I'm just so grateful.
-[indistinct chatter]
-[clears throat]
For them,
I want to work even harder on our music
and keep performing on stage.
[crowd cheering]
[in English] Now
I'd like to invite JOSHUA,
who grew up in downtown LA, you all know,
to say a few words. JOSHUA.
[crowd cheering, clapping]
I'm so happy to have the opportunity
to help the people of LA,
the city I love.
All about SEVENTEEN.
[in Korean] I want to give back
just as much as they've given me.
[fans cheering]
I feel a strong sense of responsibility.
-[in English] I love you too.
-[fans scream]
[in Korean] I think I have the power
to share happiness.
[♪ thrilling music playing]
In the midst of their struggles,
I hope we can be
a small source of happiness.
Just seeing us,
even if only for a moment,
I hope we can help them forget
all the stress and hardship, that's all.
I hope we can become
their source of strength.
I'm truly so happy.
CARATs, thank you so much.
I want to be someone who can share
happiness, positivity,
and warm, good energy.
Yeah.
[in English] Three, two, one.
[makes whooshing sound]
Woo.
[members exclaim, laugh]
[VERNON in English] That was superfast.
[DK in Korean] Every stop of our tour
has its own unique way of reacting.
And that affects how we perform too.
Each show feels completely different.
We're not the only ones out there.
We're working together with the audience.
That's what really matters.
[fans in English]
♪ This time I wanna rock with you ♪
[in Korean] ♪ Moonlight
Tonight, shine on you ♪
[in English] ♪ Tonight,
I wanna ride with you ♪
[WOOZI in Korean]
I just try to give it my all.
If people appreciate it, that's great.
But I can't control that.
So I don't get my hopes up.
Expectations lead to disappointment.
That's just the way it is.
So I just do my best, always.
I keep moving forward quietly.
What really keeps us going is making music
and performing for our fans.
Even in faraway countries,
the way they cheer for us
shows so much love.
We hope we can reach all of them.
That's why we try our best.
[♪ SEVENTEEN "Campfire" playing]
[HOSHI] The weather is so nice.
Shall we light a fire together?
[DK] CARATs, you all have to sing with us.
[JOSHUA] ♪ You and I ♪
♪ Together ♪
♪ Shall we sit around
and gaze at each other? ♪
♪ The weather that... ♪
When we sing together with our fans,
it makes me so happy.
I want them to enjoy the music.
I want to make them smile.
♪ We can understand each other ♪
♪ Now that we don't need words
to communicate ♪
[THE 8] Just by looking into their eyes,
I can feel how much they love me.
[VERNON]
♪ Even the moon is shining brightly ♪
[HOSHI] Let's sing together now!
[SEUNGKWAN] Just the fact that
there are people who love us,
it's amazing.
It still feels kind of unreal.
When fans cheer
and we can sense the air flowing,
it feels like I'm in beautiful nature.
[DK] ♪ Even if today passes ♪
[S.COUPS] It makes me realize
I'm truly happy doing what I love.
It's reassuring.
[SEUNGKWAN] ♪ You were next to me ♪
♪ I, who was next to you ♪
♪ We are each other's ♪
[JOSHUA] ♪ Campfire ♪
It feels like we've shared our youth
with so many people.
[DINO] ♪ Grateful for every little thing ♪
♪ I couldn't let go of your hands ♪
♪ All I can see is your smiling eyes ♪
[DK] When I say this,
it might sound cliché,
but I really do feel like
I live for CARATs, our fans,
who love and support us no matter what.
[WONWOO]
♪ Time is precious, goes by so fast ♪
♪ I wish I could stop it
when I'm with you ♪
♪ A guitar in my hand by the fire ♪
♪ A train of memories departs ♪
[HOSHI] ♪ Brightly shining
in the night sky ♪
[WONWOO] I think that feeling of wanting
everyone to be happy and healthy
always shines through.
That's what we try to express.
♪ Let's not let time make us forget ♪
[JUN] ♪ How precious this is ♪
[WOOZI] Whether it's joy,
or happiness, or gratitude,
we might not be able to fulfill it all.
[DK] ♪ Even if the moonlight goes out
Our hearts don't go out ♪
[HOSHI] CARATs, let's all clap!
♪ When life is hard
and you're feeling down ♪
♪ I'll be your light
Just smile brightly ♪
[WOOZI] ♪ So that we can be
each other's strength ♪
♪ Let's all sing together ♪
♪ Even after this night ♪
We'll never disappoint our fans.
[DK] ♪ When things get tough,
I'll be your light ♪
♪ Don't let go of my hand ♪
[WOOZI] It's hard to put into words.
[SEUNGKWAN] ♪ I, who was next to you ♪
♪ Will be each other's light ♪
[WOOZI] I feel so thankful
and just as sorry.
It's such a tender feeling.
[crowd cheering]
-[HOSHI whoops]
-[♪ music fades]
Wow, this is nice.
[staff] Where do you think
you are right now?
I feel like
we're still at the starting line,
crouched down, ready to run a marathon.
That's what I think.
That's where SEVENTEEN is.
[♪ upbeat music playing]
[SEUNGKWAN] I'm hungry.
[staff 1] Ten seconds!
Ten seconds?
[HOSHI] Microphone.
[staff 2] Mind the steps on your way up.
[members cheering]
[♪ enthralling music playing]
The eye of the tiger.
[VERNON] Let's eat it.
-Should we eat it?
-Let's eat it.
This looks amazing.
[MINGYU chuckling]
This is called the eye of the tiger
and it looks really good.
Do you know what bloating is?
[DK laughing] Does he know bloating?
You wouldn't know.
-When I wake up...
-♪ You wouldn't know ♪
[DK laughing] You wake up
as a different person.
-It's like the series The Beauty Inside.
-[S.COUPS laughing]
[SEUNGKWAN]
Yes, a different person every day.
[♪ music ends]
[♪ SEVENTEEN "Fearless"
playing over speakers]
Translated by Seoyoung Jang